Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
I'm super excited because now we're going to dig a little bit deeper and start building our evolutional
neural network and understand what you mean by deep learning and Confucian nemuro network home it's
super exciting and it's very interesting you can do tons of applications with it.
OK.
So before building our you know convolutedly network Let's take a look at some of the basics of artificial
neural neuro networks or that fishell the basis of neurones.
OK.
So what do they mean by fissionables.
Simply put fission you know networks are kind of models that are used mainly to mimic the human brain.
So what scientists did in a very calm and very high level is just look at our human brain okay which
is how the human brain works and these try to mimic the human brain in a mathematical format.
And that's the power over Fission networks.
They can actually build reveal kind of know like mimic the human brain you know b.b. kind of you know
building your own mini brain in a way which is really powerful.
So let's take a look at how humans think in general or what's how the human brain thing and then see
how can we actually mimic that mathematically.
So this is simply kind of an image that indicates that how humans how often Human think or how human
brains think simply put our human brain consists of bunch of neurones neurones and you can see the neurones
are kind of firing.
Okay.
Will mean finding that means the kind of processing information as it goes.
So then neurone that again he was talking about the human neurone or how the human brain works.
So the new loan simply collects different signals okay coming from different channels called dendrite.
All right.
And what happens is the human brain collect that information and process that information in we'll call
it nucleus in here.
OK.
And then does you know some mathematical operations some operation somehow and generate certain output
on what we call the accent here and that accent is connected to another neurone and that neurone again
takes all the inputs from all dendrite before and processing within the nucleus and sends it to the
exon.
And all these neurones and billions of these neurones are connected to each other communicating to each
other.
There's just marvellous way.
It's just an amazing way because there are billions of these neurones connected to each other.
OK.
So how do humans learn.
So humans learn by adaptively changing the bonds tense between these neurones.
So here is this Exon values.
Okay.
As you know this tense between this for example neurone and the next more on these ones genthe changes
that's how humans start to learn as we move forward.
For example we learn how to let's say you know categorize for example as a kid.
Categorize Okay that's for example like a cup that's for instance like a dog.
That's the cat and so on.
And that's how humans learn as we go.
Okay.
That's kind of a quick overview of some of the biology we don't really care about that much.
What we care about okay what how can we represent that mathematically.
So what scientist did which is fascinating if we look at this basically in your own who say okay you
know what let's go ahead and present that mathematically one are going to do here are going to say okay
now I have a bunch of inputs P1 P2P three.
OK.
And here I have again my nucleus the same unit that I had before and he does have a bunch of weights.
All right.
Connected to this nucleus right.
Bear with me.
So what's going to happen is.
And that's how the mathematics of it all works and that's how just can we did present one single neurone.
What we're going to do here I'm going to say OK whatever input going to this mutant neurone P1 P2P three
we can multiply these inputs by the Wheat's So here we have P1 P2 those W2 And P.S. those pines w3.
OK.
And then here we're just going to process.
This is a very simple form that's the nucleus in a very simple form.
It just sums up the inputs and the weights.
And then at specific bias be just kind of you know shifting the signal up and down don't have otherwise
so far.
And what happens is that will generate an output.
And then we apply what we call an activation function f okay to that N dujon that is an output.
And that's pretty much how can you build one single neurone.
OK.
Tomorrow of course we have tons of questions.
What do you mean by an F.
What do you mean by activation function.
What do you mean by a bias or that just we're going to discuss this cause that in lots of details in
the future sections.
You're only objective.
You don't want you to learn it.
How can we actually model the human brain.
You know from the biological format into just Mathematica.
For me it just has a bunch of inputs multiplied by Wheat's.
We some them up.
We are places and bias we apply specific activation function that will generate an output.
And that would present one single neurone or a.
So how could we build that artificial network so to build an efficient network.
We're going to actually connect a bunch of these neurones together.
We're going to take let's say like thousands of them.
We can we organize them obviously to input layer to a hidden layer.
So each of these bubbles that are present in Europe and this new one takes all the inputs coming from
previous basically layer does kind of specific processing which is you know our planning activation
function SORN and generates an output.
And this new number the exact same thing.
This neurone is connected to all the neurones beforehand.
In the previous layer the same processing generates an output and so on.
And that's how we process information.
That's how we present an artificial neural network or you know kind of mimic the human brain in a mathematical
format.
And that's amazing because now we can actually build your own brain.
Now you can you know a team you know for example they give a specific out a mini brain to detect smiling
faces for instance.
And so.
All right.
And that's a quick overview of how human brain works and how can we represent present mathematically
in the next section.
We're going to learn how can we build our convolution with a network.
You know just kind of which is I'm kind of a more advanced form of simple not efficient or network here.
And I'm going to learn how can we do what we call it feature detectors Max spooning and so on.
I hope you get it during a lecture and see you in the next lecture.